add pending item to doc (#9800)
noobaa/noobaa-core: docs/dev_guide/ceph_s3_tests/ceph_s3_tests_pending_list_status.md

| test_delete_bucket_encryption_kms | Faulty Test | [613](https://github.com/ceph/s3-tests/issues/613) |
| test_lifecycle_expiration_tags1 | Faulty Test | [638](https://github.com/ceph/s3-tests/issues/638) | There can be more such tests having the same issue (`Filter` is not aligned with aws structure in bucket lifecycle configuration) |
| test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2                 | Internal Component | [58059](https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/58059)                    | It is a known issue in ceph tests after updating botocore version (>1.28.0) it brokes v2 signatures |
| test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws2                 | Internal Component | [58059](https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/58059)                    | It is a known issue in ceph tests after updating botocore version (>1.28.0) it brokes v2 signatures |

> | test_bucket_list_return_data_versioning             | Faulty Test        | [738](https://github.com/ceph/s3-tests/issues/738)                | Remove from `nsfs_s3_tests_black_list.txt` after the issue is resolved |

Reviewer: maybe give a better explanation? 
```suggestion
| test_bucket_list_return_data_versioning             | Faulty Test        | [738](https://github.com/ceph/s3-tests/issues/738)                | Test is trying to create same bucket twice |
```

Reviewer: @shirady is this list the same for both NC and containerized?

Reviewer 2: The table was originally created for containerized (there was no NC when it was created).
Anyway, it usually lists issues in the test itself, so I would expect a test in this list to fail in both environments.
